Update CHANGELOG.md (#17611)
Chia-Network/chia-blockchain: CHANGELOG.md

* Support for third-party, farmer-rewarded, Harvesters (Chip-22)
* Singleton fast forward
* Verify p2 delegated conditions signatures and add a new SigningMode for Tangem cards (thanks @MarvinQuevedo)
* DL: add upsert action
* DL: Add support for generating and verifying DataLayer Proofs of Inclusions `get_proof` and `verify_proof`
* Improve transparency of what full nodes are doing and where they spend their time with additional Mempool logging
* add feature to profile just the block validation
* Add `--override` flag to `make_offer`
* Add full node RPC `get_aggsig_additional_data` to get the aggsig additional data
* Add fork height & rolled_back_records to block event for metrics
* extend Block validation timing logs to measure just the CLVM and conditions
* Add support for defining a list of full node peers to connect to (thanks @felixbrucker)
* Add preliminary support for getting coin states in batches
* improve mempool reorg logic when the peak is a non-transaction block
* Add `additions` and `removals` to `get_offer_summary` API response (thanks @mikehw)
* improve handling of `UnfinishedBlock`s
* Add testnet11 constants to config if missing when configuring to run on testnet

> * We have added several new translations in this release. Thanks to xxx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We have added several new translations in this release. Thanks to WNFT, advlive, hezoushe
```
